Sister, he bullies me
Kiss me do you believe me
I don't know dear
My move almost destroyed Qingsi
Crow, why did you just leave suddenly?
Chang Wutian called and said
I saw Qingsi being kidnapped
Did you hear that the kidnapping was successful to do bad things?
You said it was framed
Who did it?
Then you have to ask your uncle and aunt, what nonsense are you talking about?
We kidnap our daughters all the time
Do you have any evidence?
I'll give you the answer before dawn
Now I know what to do.
The younger brother knows
Break his leg?
How dare you interrupt him?
Ah!
eldest sister
I will immediately apologize to my enemy in my unfilial son
Remember not to expose Shen Dashao's identity